#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.15.2
    # via flask-migrate
attrs==25.3.0
    # via fiona
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via fiona
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   flask
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via fiona
cligj==0.7.2
    # via fiona
fiona==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   utils-flask-sqlalchemy
flask-migrate==4.1.0
    # via utils-flask-sqlalchemy
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.5
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   utils-flask-sqlalchemy
geoalchemy2==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
geojson==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via sqlalchemy
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   flask
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   marshmallow-geojson
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   utils-flask-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-geojson==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.0.2
    # via shapely
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   marshmallow
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via utils-flask-sqlalchemy
shapely==2.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   utils-flask-sqlalchemy
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
utils-flask-sqlalchemy==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
